July 21, 2021

Fishing Coditions for the Other Waters.

Beaverhead- Hoot Owl restrictions have started on the Beaverhead.  Current sections that are restricted are from the mouth to State highway 91 South.  
Bitterroot/Clark Fork/Rock Creek- Some sections of these rivers are in great shape and fishing well, others not so much. Make sure you check the temperatures and flows before you go.  
Canyon Ferry -  This has been a little tougher, the fish are now in the deepests part of the lake looking for cooler water temperatures.
Hauser/Holter - Leeches and scuds are always good flies to bring this way. But just like Canyon ferry, the fish are moving into the deep water in search for cool temperatures making fly fishing more difficult.
Dailey Lake- Fishing has been alright. Stripping a leach has been productive.
Hyalite- The creek is flowing at 87cfs and the fishing is good.  If dry fly fishing try caddis, PMD's, and yellow sallies. General attractor nymphs such as worms, lil spankers and pheasant tails will get the job done. If fishing the lake, it is hard to beat a balanced leech under an indicator. 
Cliff and Wade - The Goose fire is near Cliff lake right now, there are better options in the area. 
Quake Lake - A good spot to be at right now. Stripping leeches and small streamers has been productive. Dry fly fishing has picked up a little bit too. 
Clark Canyon -Fishing well. Try a balanced leech under an indicator or slow stripping size 12 and 14 chironomids.
Hebgen- If you head this way try a callibaetis, a damselfly nymph, or an alder fly/caddis. 
Harrison Lake - Look for fish to be off the shallow points and near the weed beds.  Callibaetis are everywhere right now.  Watch for high winds!
Ennis Lake- Watch for wind out this way. Fishing has been tougher out this way as this is a shallow lake and the water is heating up considerably.
Ponds Around Town - A great place to take the kids to catch a few bluegill and maybe even a rainbow. 

Fly Pattern Suggestions

Bitterroot/Clark Fork/Rock Creek- Some sections of these rivers are in great shape and fishing well, others not so much. Make sure you check the temperatures and flows before you go.  